---
tags:
  - draft-page
  - exported-2026-01-10
id: 65ac4ceb0e7c79000119abd1
title: "About 2-2"
feature_image: https://i2.wp.com/davidnunezdev.wpengine.com/content/images/wordpress/2018/03/IMG_7562-1.jpg?resize=384%2C512
description: "Hello. I’m David. I like to work with interesting people on ambitious ideas. Let’s collaborate on a project."
date: 2015-08-09
full-date: "2015-08-10T00:07:15.000Z"
slug: about-2-2
type: page
edit-link: https://davidnunez.ghost.io/ghost/#/editor/page/65ac4ceb0e7c79000119abd1
draft: true
---

Hello. I’m David. I like to work with interesting people on ambitious ideas. Let’s collaborate on a project.

I’m happy to answer your questions or chat about potential work we can do together.

**Email**: <david@davidnunez.com>
**Phone**: +1 512.366.3330

David Nuñez is a creative technologist and robot builder, executing projects at the intersection of art, design, and technology.

David Nuñez is the Director of Technology and Digital Strategy at the MIT Museum. Previously he was Managing Partner at [Midnight Commercial](http://midnightcommercial.com/), a Brooklyn-based innovation consultancy that works with C-suite leaders and global design teams to creates novel works of art, design, and technology from concept to deployment.

His current work, Requiem for Rhinoceros, is a street performance commemorating the final days of the Northern White Rhino using large, illuminated, robotic puppets. He is building Geppetto, a platform for the computational choreography of machines and robots in performances. His text editor for live coding, kn0t, enables expressive software development on stage.

David held a Visiting Scientist appointment with the Opera of the Future group at the MIT Media Lab, where he explored expressive movement of machines and robots. He was lecturer at Northeastern University, teaching programming in the College of Arts, Media and Design.

As a creative coder, he builds interactive software using tools like iOS, Unity3D, Cinder, openFrameworks (oF), and Processing. His clients have included JK Rowling’s Lumos organization, Candlewick Press, PBS, Electric Type and the Personal Robotics Group at the MIT Media Lab.

His project, Bytes and Bots at the Children’s Museum of Houston, engaged students in exploring programming ideas through an animatronic lobster and bird. Previously, he designed the multitouch table used to play the Electric Gongs, a set of instruments for the Austin Children’s Museum. His robotic marionette, El Quemira, won multiple blue ribbons at the 2007 Austin Maker Faire.

Previously, as a founding Trustee of the Awesome Foundation, he helped remarkable projects obtain seed funding and recognition.

David achieved his M.S. in Media Arts and Sciences at the MIT Media Lab while working in the Personal Robots group, and he holds a B.A. degree in Computer Science and Managerial Studies from Rice University.
